hello youtube name is campers like that and
this is battlefield hotline finally
Let's start with the videos on one
channel to the successor of battlefield
4 and im is battlefield 4 i got up
and played down there was my canal
9 and percent have four videos before
I actually only
Battlefield 3 played that was mine
many got involved in this whole story
and especially then also on the
Youtube channel
and now it is slowly taking shape
that I've been leyen with Battlefield before
I know that you have acclimatised
Was last week on the cebit and was
completely integrated and then it went
I have not really started again
As far as the gaming is concerned, I have it that way
a style rather than minimal time off
although I am already on sunday
i have started again system
It's been my Sunday
Maybe somehow , too
at least for a long time, talk briefly
meaning value quite often asked what is
because now with the parties the windows
the game actually how is your conclusion
it and so on and so forth
I live in the games to her
streams mostly always said yes vista
Not only not so long now
It would be a bit stupid there
to say in advance how to find it or not
conclusion to rauszuhauen
because you have to do that the game of course
already gambled a bit more
And I stay with this statement
I still do not have it like this
one hundred percent up and down gambled
Of course I have many videos about it
I have many tips and
Tricks to read and have
Of course a lot is during the live
have tried streams now slow
started to buy all the weapons
and she already realizes that she will be one
kind my life with battlefield hotline
episode
and that is exactly what it should be
be describes here a bit
my experience like the game
Right now I love what I am for and before
disadvantages of it just on the screen
and of course I can
bit on the feedback what
I stop by you during the streams
has gotten when we speak
Of course, always quite a lot about the
Chat or talk about people too
straight at monza doctors power in the stream
then stop first, then you can
do not talk away
there are still some problems and that is
Of course, for a start of the game
not exactly unusual
but first of all a thing
clarify
Personally , I have that now
real lounge not like that
but one hundred percent noticed that
what I have told me what and
what I have noticed from now on
the people
on the first day is riem part with tetra
It seems relatively smooth
So to have run only once
applause for ea that's it at last
I've got it well in the
past already noted
triple a title tend to the fact that the
publisher are totally overwhelmed and
not enough server capacity for
to make available but here you have to
Just clear the facts
The table was certainly the
one or two small ones
but start difficulties in no one
wise in the order of magnitude rather that
at Battlefield 4
So really cool
There are also some mistakes
For example, a few users still have
Directx errors because I can only
give the tip install you
really the latest drivers and
not only for the graphics card but
for the complete system try one
other browser and you will see
even that may already be the case
of or have been errors
because then remedy but that should
Now here is no help video only
just on the edge of the pdm sports
I just have to be embarrassed
unfortunately say that is an issue that
has always been battlefield and at
many other shooters, of course, too
to the main topic has been made
but here is very noticeable that
people partly that bonn where you yourself
curious just three seconds ago
or that one is between
opposing sports and the one
Of course, then directly first
do not do that right
fun what I read about it is that
the developer there probably already polls to
have run or the topic has
also already accepted have registered
I do not want weapons on it
that's on every shooter on
at least at every beginning
battlefield uta the last years so
that the weapons were still 100,000 times
changed and annoyed and brought no
guess what have been patched from there
you can probably look forward to that
adjust that there are so many things
the now I say a kind
renaissance and the
We do not need netcode either
make illusions that is a never
ending story so the net code is after
like before like in battlefield 4
maybe there will be such a small update
or something something very much
short time ran a little better
Currently I have to say I'm yesterday
died again when I was already in one
room went purely only have
I almost hit the marca from the server
delivered so that first time too
the little things the
probably most of you
just annoying when they talk about it
the bed fitline you but not quite
what is really cool maybe you have
to hear how many players are watching
are active on the consoles
has on the pc consoles has become
apparently sold incredibly well
look at it like many people
especially on the xbox straight brad
Of course, Pitt also has line gambling
the playstation is just right
become a topic and on the pc altogether
Honestly, sales are pretty
At the back I would say so
at least if you're just the active one
player sees pay but I have that
never really keep an eye on how
strong is now under circumstances stop
Battlefield 4 has been played then
you would have to just four times
starts or in this case as bf
hotline so who is fasting
there are times to look there
you pay and you can pay
right there just peek inside but
now for the first time
preliminary conclusion to battlefield leyen
I have the last days now
mainly played in the stream
now during the daytime, that's me too
time had two three four rounds
gambled yes what I have not tested
he is the single player with it
I will be myself the next days
to deal again with what I for
can say it is new content it
is new information which is not me
I really like this new system
you can buy weapons all over
missions and everything is all one
he hides a bit already
there is our learning curve with it
I do not like it that much
apart from that I think the game on
pretty successful so I have to
Admit at the beginning I was already there
a bit skeptical I learned there
to deal with or
Now that I have the game myself
I have gambled for a few hours
just plain for me say so yes
For me it's a battlefield loan
if it's for you, for example
Nothing is quiet in it
the comments with purely
I think such a spin off is again
been on time and I am pleased
Of course, on everything else now
first traders will come to him in
the future but also what is now in
battlefield 4 soon on the plan
will stand because I have because he
previously communicated via twitter
get or
then read by several users that
probably master in battlefield 4
but it will be heard now
really not here
so we have to go first
look how much is it or if that
then too
through the city so battlefield leyen
for me very exciting title
splits that in the eye I have
still not all game modes for me
Of course I gambled up and down
I meanwhile everything completely
but just not played that way
right all evening and me
Just think there you have to
think a little more time with that
does not mean all the time so just around
because someone is watching scrap to play
or no idea the candles are now
Rock, for example, is easy
now only my weapon never a bit
stronger and you can count on it
leave that in the course of the
battlefield eagle a cycle then
also somehow downgrade
or no idea just under
fake or something adapted to it
should be in the sense of mine
name is jim panse and if that's you
video here still on friday evening
should have seen extreme today
evening again from about 18 o'clock until
about 22
Experience has shown, of course, that
Endings always soja for fun
see in the sense we see each other
until then, it makes good townships